Updated Issues content from latest release (91) (#1241)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/issues/index.md

    :::image type="complex" source="../media/issues-tool-affected-resource-opens-elements-tool.msft.png" alt-text="Selecting an affected resource in the Issues tool for the accessibility demo page opens the Elements tool" lightbox="../media/issues-tool-affected-resource-opens-elements-tool.msft.png":::
       Selecting an affected resource in the **Issues** tool for the accessibility demo page opens the **Elements** tool
    :::image-end:::

    An expanded issue may have an **Open in Network** link, even if the issue isn't in the **Network** category.

    :::image type="complex" source="../media/issues-tab-view-issue.msft.png" alt-text="The Network tool opens when you select a Network resource link" lightbox="../media/issues-tab-view-issue.msft.png":::
    The **Network** tool opens when you select a **Network** resource link
    :::image-end:::

## Open issues from the DOM tree

If an element has an associated issue, the DOM tree in the **Elements** tool shows wavy underlining under the element name.  You can either **Shift+click** the wavy-underlined element, or open the context menu on an element that has a wavy underline and then select **View issues**.

> To view an issue for an element that has wavy underlining in the DOM tree:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To display an issue for elements with wavy underlines in the DOM tree, perform the following steps.
```

   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.  -->

# Find and fix problems using the Issues tool

In Microsoft Edge DevTools, the **Issues** tool automatically analyzes the current webpage and reports issues grouped by type, and provides documentation to help explain and resolve the issues.

> The **Issues** tool supports provides feedback in the following categories:

Reviewer 2: make sure "supports provides" has been fixed

When you refresh a page, the Issues counter sometimes increases the count of issues.  The count is updated and the Issues tool lists more issues, as analysis results come in from several sources.

## Open the Issues tool

The following steps walk through opening the Issues tool, using a couple of demo pages.
*  The accessibility-testing demo page has issues in the **Accessibility**, **Compatibility**, **Performance**, and **Security** categories.
*  The SameSite cookies demo page has issues in the **Other** and **Security** categories.

To open the issues tool:

1.  Navigate to a webpage that contains issues to fix.  For example, open the [accessibility-testing demo page](https://microsoftedge.github.io/DevToolsSamples/a11y-testing/page-with-errors.html) in a new tab or window.

    :::image type="complex" source="../media/issues-accessibility-demo-page-initial.msft.png" alt-text="Accessibility-testing demo page, which has some issues" lightbox="../media/issues-accessibility-demo-page-initial.msft.png":::
       Accessibility-testing demo page, which has some issues
    :::image-end:::

>     Or, open the [SameSite cookies demo page][GlitchSamesiteSandbox] in a new tab or window.  This page initially brings up a warning page, which reads `This site has been reported as unsafe`, `Hosted by samesite-sandbox.glitch.me`.  Select **More information** to expand the section, and then select **Continue to the unsafe site (not recommended)**.  We won't enter information in the demo page.

Reviewer 3: I think it's more confusing than helpful to have two different demo pages, especially since the examples are interspersed. The accessibility demo shows the majority of issue types, so I'd rather keep it to just that one example.

    :::image-end:::

1.  Select `F12` to open DevTools.  After a few seconds, the **Issues counter** \(![Issues counter](../media/issues-counter-icon.msft.png)\) appears, in the upper right corner of DevTools.  The number you get might be different, and the number might change when you refresh the page.

    :::image type="complex" source="../media/samesite-demo-initial-page-welcome.msft.png" alt-text="SameSite cookie demo page with initial Welcome page and the Issues counter" lightbox="../media/samesite-demo-initial-page-welcome.msft.png":::
       SameSite cookie demo page with initial Welcome page and the **Issues counter**
    :::image-end:::

1.  Select the **Issues counter** \(![Issues counter](../media/issues-counter-icon.msft.png)\).  The Issues tool opens.  For the [SameSite cookies demo page][GlitchSamesiteSandbox], issues in the **Other** and **Security** categories are listed.

    :::image type="complex" source="../media/issues-tool-initial-view-samesite-page.msft.png" alt-text="The Issues tool for the SameSite demo page" lightbox="../media/issues-tool-initial-view-samesite-page.msft.png":::
       The **Issues** tool for the SameSite demo page
    :::image-end:::

>     For the [accessibility-testing demo page](https://microsoftedge.github.io/DevToolsSamples/a11y-testing/page-with-errors.html), issues in the **Accessibility** category are listed.  If you refresh the page, additional categories of issues are shown.

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure why this is phrased this way, since all relevant categories should appear when page is first navigated to. If that's not happening, let's file a bug instead!

Proposed change: "Select the **Issues counter** \(![Issues counter](../media/issues-counter-icon.msft.png)\).  The **Issues** tool opens. For the accessibility-testing demo page, issues in several category are populated."

    :::image type="complex" source="../media/issues-tool-categories.msft.png" alt-text="Categories of issues for the accessibility demo page" lightbox="../media/issues-tool-categories.msft.png":::
       Categories of issues for the accessibility demo page
    :::image-end:::

### Other ways to open the Issues tool

There are several ways to open the issues tool:
*  Select the **Issues counter** \(![Issues counter](../media/issues-counter-icon.msft.png)\) in the upper right corner of DevTools or at the top of the **Console**.

> *  Select **Customize and control DevTools** > **More tools** > **Issues**.
> *  Select `Esc` to open the **Drawer** at the bottom of DevTools, and then select the **Issues** tab.
> *  On the main toolbar, select the **More Tools** (**+**) menu, and then select **Issues**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*  Select the **More Tools** (**+**) menu in the main panel or **Drawer**, and then select **Issues**.
*  Select **Customize and control DevTools** > **More tools** > **Issues**.
* Open **Issues** by [selecting an issue indicator in **Elements**, **Sources**, or **Network**](#view-issues-in-context-of-an-associated-tool)
```

## Expand entries in the Issues tool

> The **Issues** tool presents issues grouped into categories, with documentation about each issue.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The **Issues** tool presents issues grouped into categories and provides documentation and recommended fixes for each issue.
```

> 1.  Refresh the page, and then note the number of issues in the **Issues counter** \(![Issues counter](../media/issues-counter-icon.msft.png)\).  Depending on the browser version and the page, the count of issues might increase when you refresh the page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

1.  Select an issue in the **Issues** tool to get guidance on how to fix the issue and find affected resources.

    :::image type="complex" source="../media/issues-tab-issue-open.msft.png" alt-text="An issue expanded in the Issues tool" lightbox="../media/issues-tab-issue-open.msft.png":::
       An issue expanded in the **Issues** tool
    :::image-end:::

    The layout of the information about the issue varies, depending on the type of issue.  Each displayed issue has several components:
    *   A headline describing the issue.

>     *   A description providing the context and the solution, or a link to a page that contains that information.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    *   A description providing more context and proposed solutions.
```

    *   An **Affected Resources** section that links to resources within the appropriate DevTools context, such as the **Elements**, **Sources**, or **Network** tool.
    *   Links to further guidance.

    For some issues with the [accessibility-testing demo page](https://microsoftedge.github.io/DevToolsSamples/a11y-testing/page-with-errors.html), the **Affected Resources** section lists DOM elements, such as specific `<img>` or `<input>` elements.

    :::image type="complex" source="../media/issues-tool-initial-view-accessibility-page.msft.png" alt-text="The Issues tool for the Accessibility demo page" lightbox="../media/issues-tool-initial-view-accessibility-page.msft.png":::
       The **Issues** tool for the Accessibility demo page
    :::image-end:::

## View issues in context of an associated tool

> An issue in the Issues tool typically includes one or more links that open a different tool, such as **Elements**, **Network**, or **Sources**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
An issue in the **Issues** tool typically includes one or more links that open a different tool, such as **Elements**, **Network**, or **Sources**.
```

> 1.  Select a resource link, to view the resource in the appropriate context within DevTools, such as the **Network** tool or the **Elements** tool.  For example, in the **Issues** tool for the SameSite cookies demo page, select `samesite-sandbox.glitch.me` under **Requests** to show the cookies that are attached to that request.  The cookies are then displayed in the **Network** tool.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1.  Select a resource link to view the resource in the appropriate context within DevTools, such as the **Network** tool or the **Elements** tool. 
```

>     :::image type="complex" source="../media/issues-tab-view-issue.msft.png" alt-text="None value in the SameSite column for the ck02 cookie in the Network tool" lightbox="../media/issues-tab-view-issue.msft.png":::

Reviewer 3: Replace same-site demo example with accessibility demo example.

       `None` value in the **SameSite** column for the `ck02` cookie in the **Network** tool
    :::image-end:::

1.  Scroll to view the item with a problem, such as the `ck02` cookie.  In the **SameSite** column, hover over the circled `i` \(![Cookie issue in Network tool](../media/network-tool-cookie-issue-icon.msft.png)\) next to **None**.  The resulting tooltip provides information similar to the **Issues** tool.

    For the accessibility-testing demo page, issues have links to open the **Elements**, **Sources**, or **Network** tool.

    :::image type="complex" source="../media/issues-tool-affected-resource-opens-elements-tool.msft.png" alt-text="Selecting an affected resource in the Issues tool for the accessibility demo page opens the Elements tool" lightbox="../media/issues-tool-affected-resource-opens-elements-tool.msft.png":::
       Selecting an affected resource in the **Issues** tool for the accessibility demo page opens the **Elements** tool
    :::image-end:::

## Open issues from the DOM tree

> If an element has an issue, the DOM tree in the **Elements** tool shows wavy underlining under the element name.  You can either **Shift+click** the wavy-underlined element as described below, or right-click an element that has a wavy underline and then select **View issues**.

Reviewer 3: We should replace "right-click an element ... and then select" with "open the context menu ... and then select" for users who will open the context menu via the keyboard.

To view an issue for an element that has wavy underlining in the DOM tree:

1.  Open a page, such as the [accessibility-testing demo page](https://microsoftedge.github.io/DevToolsSamples/a11y-testing/page-with-errors.html), in a new tab or window.

> 1.  Select `F12` to open DevTools, and then select the **Elements** tab.

Reviewer 3: Do we need to explain opening DevTools here? If so, I'd recommend removing the `F12` part since there are several ways to open DevTools

1.  In the DOM tree, expand `<body>` > `<header>` > `<form>`.  The `<input>` element has wavy underlining.

    :::image type="complex" source="../media/issues-wavy-underlines-dom-tree.msft.png" alt-text="Wavy-underlined issues in the DOM tree in the Elements tool" lightbox="../media/issues-wavy-underlines-dom-tree.msft.png":::
       Wavy-underlined issues in the **DOM tree** in the **Elements** tool
    :::image-end:::
    
1.  Hover over the `<input>` element.  A tooltip shows information about the issue.

> 1.  Select `Shift` and then select the wavy-underlined element name.  The **Issues** tool opens and expands the issue about the element.

Reviewer 3: I think we should adjust this wording to accommodate for keyboard-accessibile options. Options should be either "Shift + Click" (via mouse) or "open context menu" (which can be done via keyboard's context menu button or by using the keyboard to navigate to the ... menu next to node.)

    :::image-end:::
    

## Issues are automatically ordered by severity

Within each category of issues, first the **Errors** are listed, then **Warnings**, and then **Tips**.

:::image type="complex" source="../media/issues-ordered-by-severity.msft.png" alt-text="The Issues tool displays issues sorted by severity" lightbox="../media/issues-ordered-by-severity.msft.png":::
   The **Issues** tool displays issues sorted by severity
:::image-end:::

## Include third-party issues

To include issues that are caused by third-party sites, at the top of the **Issues** tool, select the **Include third-party issues** checkbox.

## See also

* [Automatically test a webpage for accessibility issues](../accessibility/test-issues-tool.md)

## Getting in touch with the Microsoft Edge DevTools team

[!INCLUDE [contact DevTools team note](../includes/contact-devtools-team-note.md)]

<!-- links -->
[DevtoolsOpenIndex]: ../open/index.md "Open Microsoft Edge DevTools | Microsoft Docs"
<!-- external links -->
[GlitchSamesiteSandbox]: https://samesite-sandbox.glitch.me "SameSite cookie tests | Glitch"
[DequeAxe]: https://www.deque.com/axe "axe Tools Overview | Deque"

> [MDNCompat]: https://web.dev/compat2021 "Compat2021: Eliminating five top compatibility pain points on the web | web.dev"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[MDNCompat]: https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data "MDN Browser Compatibility Data | GitHub"
```

   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.  -->  
# Find and fix problems with the Microsoft Edge DevTools Issues tool  

The **Issues** tool in Microsoft Edge DevTools reduces the notification fatigue and clutter of the **Console**.  Use it to find solutions to problems detected by the browser, such as cookie issues and mixed content.  

> [!NOTE]
> In Microsoft Edge 84, the **Issues** tool supports three types of issue.  
>     
> *   [Cookie problems][MdnDocsWebHttpHeadersSetCookieSamesite]  
> *   [Mixed content][MdnDocsWebSecurityMixedContent]  
> *   [COEP issues][GithubWicgCrossOriginEmbedderPolicy]
>     

> > The Microsoft Edge DevTools team plans to support more issue types in future versions of Microsoft Edge.  

Reviewer 2: Rewrote in local working branch.

## Open the Issues tool in the DevTools drawer  

1.  Navigate to a webpage, such as [samesite-sandbox.glitch.me][GlitchSamesiteSandbox], that contains issues to fix.  
1.  [Open DevTools][DevtoolsOpenIndex].  
1.  :::row:::
       :::column span="":::

>           Choose the **Go to Issues** button in the yellow warning bar.  

Reviewer 2: Rewrote in local working branch.

       :::column-end:::
       :::column span="":::
          Alternatively, choose **Issues** from the **More tools** menu.  
       :::column-end:::
    :::row-end:::  
    :::row:::
       :::column span="":::
          :::image type="complex" source="../media/issues-open-issues-tab.msft.png" alt-text="Go to Issues button in yellow warning bar when Issues are detected" lightbox="../media/issues-open-issues-tab.msft.png":::
             The **Go to Issues** button in the yellow warning bar when Issues are detected.  
          :::image-end:::  
       :::column-end:::
       :::column span="":::
          :::image type="complex" source="../media//issues-more-tools-menu.msft.png" alt-text="Issues tool in More tools menu" lightbox="../media//issues-more-tools-menu.msft.png":::
             **Issues** tool in **More tools** menu  
          :::image-end:::  
       :::column-end:::
    :::row-end:::  
    

> 1.  Choose the **Reload page** button, if necessary.  

Reviewer 2: done locally, except for retaking screenshot.
